{ 
    "howto": "How to meditate?",
    "practicemed":"MEDITATION IS PRACTICED IN THE FOLLOWING WAYS",
    "Concentration":"Concentration",
    "focus":"Focus attention on a single object, internal or external",
    "Observation":"Observation",
    "attention":"Pay attention to whatever is predominant in your experience in the present moment",
    "awareness":"Awareness",
    "allowawareness":"Allow awareness to remain present, undistracted and not engaged with either focusing or observing",
    "finda":"Find a place to sit (a chair or an meditation bench) where you feel comfortable and peaceful",
    "takeasit":"1. Take a seat",
    "takeasittxt":"If you choose to sit on a chair please place your feet on the floor. Make sure you are in a comfortable position which you can maintain for a while.",
    "timelimit":"2. Set a time limit",
    "timelimittxt":"If you are a beginner, it can be helpfull to choose a short time, such as 5 or 10 minutes",
    "yourbreath":"3. Feel your breath",
    "yourbreathtxt":"Follow the sensation of your breath as it flows in and as it flows out.",
    "thebody":"4. Notice the body",
    "thebodytxt":"Feel the feet on the floor, be aware of sensations, let the thoughts come and go as they will.",
    "yourmind":"5. Be kind to yourself",
    "yourmindtxt":"Don’t judge yourself or be concerned about the content of the thoughts you find yourself lost in. Just continue to follow the breath.",
    "withkindness":"6. Close with kindness",
    "withkindnesstxt":"When you’re ready, open your eyes. Notice how your body feels. Notice your thoughts and emotions. Thank yourself for allowing awareness into your life.",
    "btmtxt":"Meditation is no more complicated than what is described above. It is that simple … and yet that challenging. It’s also powerful and worth it. The key is to commit to sit and meditate even if it is for a few minutes a day and build up from there.",
    "Pricing":"Pricing",
    "PricingTxt":"There are several options for you to choose from. They are as follows:",
    "privatetxt":"Private meditation are based on your needs. We can also meet at location of your choosing.",
    "reiskosten":"*excluding travel costs",
    "Corporate":"Corporate meditation and locations on request.",
    "WhatisMeditation":"What is Meditation?",
    "WhatisMeditationtxt":"Originally, the word “meditate” meant to think deeply about something. However, when eastern contemplative practices were “imported” to western culture, this is the term that was used to define them, for lack of a better word. Nowadays meditation refers more to the exercise of focusing attention rather than to reflecting deeply. Meditation is a mental exercise that involves relaxation, focus and awareness. Meditation is to the mind what physical exercise is to the body. The practice is usually done individually, in a still, seated position and with eyes closed.",
    "WhytoMeditate":"Why to Meditate?",
    "WhytoMeditatetxt":"When we meditate, we inject far-reaching and long-lasting benefits into our lives. We increase awareness and reduce brain chatter. We lower our stress levels, improve our focus, get to know our pain and the healing process may begin. We connect and we are kinder to ourselves. Sounds good right? ",
    "learnmore":"Learn More",
    "startmed":"Start meditation and stick with it",
    "startmedtxt":"You are invited to join me in a guided meditation session. Because the mind has a tendency to wander where it will, many of us find it easier to focus and relax when our minds aren’t entirely left to their own devices. Especially useful for beginners, guided meditation takes the guesswork out of the of practice. You may find benefit in a private meditationsession set to fit with your available time and level of experience. Follow the link to book  either a group or a private session. The session are for all ages and all experience levels. Need more information?",
    "about":"About Me",
    "abouttxt":"Hello dear friend, my name is Fauzia and I'm inviting you to celebrate and explore the aspects of yourself that you may have discovered already. My intention is to offer you support while you develop this inner source of resilience and learn how to be more confident and balanced in career and personal relationships. Especially the relationship with yourself. From this point you are able to enjoy the most fulfilled life. My spiritual journey started over 20 years ago with study of inherent wisdom and truth from great minds such as Plato, Marcus Aurelius, Buddha, Marsilio Ficino, James Allen and more, so that I could embody the universal message they all convey. By practicing yoga, meditation and study I stay connected to my inner self, and have pieced together my life’s puzzle and accept and appreciate the joyful person I am today. I believe passionately that meditation should be practiced in everyday life, everywhere around the world. Because only by accepting and appreciating ourselves we can truly understand, love, learn and to be kinder (to ourself). Bringing calmness, joy and happiness into your soul.",
    "aboutbtn":"Want to know more? ",
    "privatess":"Prefer a private session?",
    "privatesstxt":"During a private session we seek together to enhance your spiritual development. Spirituality is a personal experience of what you think, feel and know. This can, in combination with meditation, contribute to the development of your consciousness, so that you can function with (more) insight and self-confidence in daily life. Before we get started I offer you a free introductory meeting to discuss your needs and possibly estimate the number of sessions needed.",
    "algemene":"General Terms and Conditions",
    "Boeking":"Booking or participation means that you agree with these terms and conditions.  ",
    "Meditatiebegeleider":"Meditation teacher can not be held responsible for physical e/o psychological damage/complaints and participation is entirely at your own risk.",
    "Graag":"Please report physical, chronic or psychological complaints to the teacher before  hand.   ",
    "Deelname":" Participation is only possible if your health is no obstacle.  If in doubt, contact the (treating) (family) doctor.",
    "geenmedicatie":"The meditation facilitator is not allowed to prescribe medication, that is a task of the medical world. The meditation facilitator sees herself as a link and not as a physician.",
    "Persoonlijke":"Personal information is kept strictly confidential and is not given to third parties.     ",
    "Restitutie":" Unfortunately refunds are not possible. A missed session can only and always be made up in consultation with the  meditation facilitator.  ",
    "Wees":"Be prepared to get to know yourself.",
    "Betaling":"Transfer payment by bank transfer: NL07INGB 0682048410 in the name of F. Liakathoesein stating your name.",
    "Contactgegevens":"Contact details: telephone: 0611078403 or email: fsucces30@hotmail.com",
    "videoText1":"When we engage in meditation, ",
    "videoText2":"we purify our minds and gain wisdom",
    "":"",
    "":"",
    "":"",
    "":"",
    "":"",
    "":"",
    "":"",
    "":"",
    "":"",
    "":"",
    "":""
}